feat: move in config-reloader (#1962)
kube-logging/logging-operator: images/config-reloader/README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/vlzemtsov/config-reloader/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20v2-green.svg" alt="license">
  </a>
</p>

> This directory is a fork of @zvlb's repository you can find the origin here -> <https://github.com/zvlb/config-reloader/>

Reviewer: [Nit]
We could mention that previously it was located at https://github.com/kube-logging/config-reloader

Author: When the Fluentd image was pulled in we did mention it in the release docs.

# Kubernetes Config (ConfigMap and Secret) Reloader

> This progect - based on <https://github.com/jimmidyson/configmap-reload> and <https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pkgs/container/prometheus-config-reloader>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project - based on <https://github.com/jimmidyson/configmap-reload> and <https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pkgs/container/prometheus-config-reloader>
```

**config-reloader** is a simple binary to trigger a reload when Kubernetes ConfigMaps or Secrets are updated.
It watches mounted volume dirs and notifies the target process changed files on dirs.
If changes exist - send webhook.

## Features

- Send webook if files in dirs changed (if configmap or secret have been changed)
- Control many dirs
- Unarchive .gz archive to file and update file, if .gz has been changed
- Init mode (stop after unarchive)
- Prometheus metrics

> It is available as a Docker image at ghcr.io/banzaicloud/config-reloader:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is available as a Docker image at ghcr.io/kube-logging/config-reloader:latest
```
